archweb
good of a day anyone who moves by car has to face blocks
traffic problems and traffic pollution consequences while
increase the costs of gasoline relay insurance a reality with which
we must also reckon because it is not always possible to give up completely
to the car then
the solution is called car sharing an English term meaning in
substance
public mobility for private use
car sharing is an initiative of the Ministry of Environment and Protection
of the territory
to improve the quality of the urban environment
car sharing is the most convenient simple and affordable ecological solution for
drive of the car that serves only when needed
but how car sharing works
once you have subscribed to the service, you will receive a later staff
usable in all the cities connected to the circuit to access the
car
with a simple call to the center it is possible to book the car model
preferred according to your needs
technical service 24 hours a day, 365 days a year
the car parks I drive car sharing are located widely in various areas
of the city just go to the nearest hey
we will only talk about the usage time of the car hey kilometers traveled
with a very affordable cost
furthermore the card can be used in the same way
in all the cities participating in the car sharing circuit
the advantages are obvious
especially for those who don't want or can't buy a car
institut from the car only on certain occasions yes
for